Skip to main content
 40.4°  Broken Clouds
 Air Quality: Moderate
Call Us
Search
GOVERNMENT
show submenu for Government
▼
DEPARTMENTS
show submenu for Departments
▼
BOROUGH CALENDAR
PAY OR APPLY
show submenu for Pay or Apply
▼
COMMUNITY RESOURCES
show submenu for Community Resources
▼
HOME
DEPARTMENTS
RECREATION & PARKS
A A A 
Home
RECREATION & PARKS

Mission Statement

The purpose of the Fair Lawn Recreation & Parks Department is to enhance the quality of life for all its residents through diverse, year-round recreational and cultural programming. We strive to develop and maintain our quality parks and facilities and preserve open/natural spaces. We will continue to offer safe, fun and memorable recreational experiences for residents of all ages.

Fair Lawn Community Center

The Fair Lawn Community Center is open to Fair Lawn residents ONLY. NO GUESTS ALLOWED. Residents will be allowed to utilize the gymnasium (basketball court), fitness room, walking track and arcade. Proper identification will be required. Fair Lawn children not in 8th grade or above must be accompanied by a parent to utilize the Gymnasium and Arcade. Hours at the Fair Lawn Community Center: 

Monday through Friday - 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Saturday - 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Sunday - 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

Message from the Superintendent of Recreation & Parks

Our Fair Lawn Recreation and Parks Department staff is committed to providing top notch cultural, leisure and recreational/sports activities to all the residents of Fair Lawn.  Various parks and recreational facilities in the Borough have been updated which includes a two-tubed water slide at Memorial Pool with a new surface and shade element overhead, a new playground at Edison Park, a swing set and playground surface at Brookdale Park, two ADA handicap swings at Berdan Grove Park and Memorial Park and a new air hockey table in the Fair Lawn Community Center Arcade. We are continually striving to improve all our Borough of Fair Lawn recreational facilities for all our residents to enjoy.

Thank you to all our full-time and part-time staff members, borough volunteers and coaches of all our sports programs, the various civic and business organizations that continue to assist and sponsor our programs, the Board of Education and many other individuals and groups that make Fair Lawn such an wonderful place to reside.

COLLAPSE ALL
Open Gym Hours


Monday, February 9 - 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

Pickleball (Half Gym): 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
FLAS Basketball: 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.
Men's Basketball: 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.



Tuesday, February 10 - 7:00 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.

Table Tennis (Half Gym): 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
Pickleball: 2:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m.
FLAS Basketball: 5:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.



Wednesday, February 11 - 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

Pickleball (Half Gym): 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
FLAS Basketball: 5:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.


Thursday, February 12 - 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.

Table Tennis (Half Gym): 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
FLAS Basketball: 4:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.
Coed Adult Volleyball: 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.



Friday, February 13 - Gym Closed

Access for All Dance: 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Indoor Tennis: Cancelled

Youth Center (5th-8th Grade): Cancelled



Saturday, February 14 - 5:00 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.

FLAS Pee Wee/Stars Basketball: 3:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Youth Center (5th-8th Grade): 7:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.



Sunday, February 15 - 2:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.

Badminton: 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
ADA Wheelchair Event: 12:00 p.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Table Tennis: 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Recreation & Parks News and Announcements

 Fair Lawn Art Association Winter 2026 class information is now available.

 


Adult Winter 2026 Fitness Classes - Yoga and Pilates

Registration begins Monday, January 19.

 


2026 Valentine's Day Card Contest - Children Kindergarten to 5th Grade




 


 


 


 


Program Announcements & Notice Locations

The Fair Lawn Recreation & Parks Department publicizes all programs and registrations through the following media:

Flyers: Distributed through schools via Peachjar
Newspaper: The Community News (Wednesday)
Internet: On the Official Web Page of the Borough of Fair Lawn
Television: Fair Lawn TV - Channel 77 on Cablevision or Channel 37 on FiOS
Resource Links
Fair Lawn All-Sports Association
Fair Lawn Football Association
Fair Lawn Access for All Committee
Fair Lawn Volunteer Opportunities
Borough of Fair Lawn Community Pass
Department Directory
Animal Control and Pet Licensing
show submenu
Borough Manager
Building Department
show submenu
Emergency Services
show submenu
Engineering
show submenu
Fair Lawn TV
Health Services
show submenu
Human Services
show submenu
Library
Municipal Clerk
show submenu
Municipal Court
Public Works DPW
Recreation & Parks
Senior Citizen Center
Tax Info / Water Payments
show submenu
Veteran Affairs
Water Distribution & Generation
How To Reach Us

Fair Lawn Recreation & Parks Department
Fair Lawn Community Center - 2nd Floor
10-10 20th Street
Fair Lawn, NJ 07410

James Graff
Superintendent of Recreation and Parks
jgraff@fairlawn.org

Scott Homa
Assistant Superintendent of Recreation
recreation@fairlawn.org

Rob Lado
Supervisor of Recreation
rlado@fairlawn.org

(201) 796-6746

Business Office Hours

Monday - Friday
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.

(excluding holidays)

Park & Recreation Page Links
Art Association
Summer Camps
Summer Recreation Basketball Camp
Clubs
Community Center
Community Center Theater
Fitness & Leisure Programs
Holiday Events
Lightning Detection System
Memorial Pool
Parks, Facilities & Permits
Rutgers S.A.F.E.T.Y. Coaches Clinic
Sponsor-A-Park & Bench Program
Sprouts
Street Hockey League
Summer Concerts Series
Summer Movie Series
Swim Team - "The Riptide"
Volunteer Opportunities
Youth Center
Official Website of the Borough of Fair Lawn, NJ
Borough Hall 8-01 Fair Lawn Avenue, New Jersey 07410
(201) 796-1700| Email Us|
Legal Notice
“Rules of Conduct for Commenters on Borough-Sponsored Social Media”  All commenters on any Borough-sponsored social media page, whether an employee or third party, shall adhere to certain Rules of Conduct. Any comment that violates these Rules may be removed. The Borough also reserves the right to temporarily or permanently block repeat offenders from access to Borough-sponsored social media pages.   For purposes of these Rules, a comment is defined to mean any post, in any form, including but not limited to words, memes, GIFS, photographs, links to other sites, etc., made on a Borough-sponsored social media page.   When commenting on any Borough-sponsored social media page, the following is prohibited:  Comments that promote or incite any harassment or discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, gender identity or expression, affectional or sexual orientation, marital status, familial status, disability or nationality. Comments of an obscene, vulgar, offensive, threatening or harassing nature. Comments that threaten or incite violence.  Comments of a sexually suggestive or explicit nature. Comments that disclose personal, confidential or proprietary information belonging to third parties. Comments with links to websites or social media sites. Spamming. Any person electing to comment does so with the express understanding that they are required to adhere to these Rules of Conduct, including the understanding that the Borough retains sole discretion to remove any comment that violates these Rules of Conduct.”
Government Websites by Catalis| Privacy Policy